------------------- CSS GRID -----------------------------

CSS Grid Layout Module

Grid Layout
The CSS Grid Layout Module offers a grid-based layout system, with rows and columns, making it easier to design web pages without having to use floats and positioning.

The grid-template-columns Property
The grid-template-columns property defines the number of columns in your grid layout, and it can define the width of each column.

The value is a space-separated-list, where each value defines the width of the respective column.

If you want your grid layout to contain 4 columns, specify the width of the 4 columns, or "auto" if all columns should have the same width.


Grid Elements
A grid layout consists of a parent element, with one or more child elements.


Display Property
An HTML element becomes a grid container when its display property is set to grid or inline-grid.


Grid Columns
The vertical lines of grid items are called columns.


Grid Rows
The horizontal lines of grid items are called rows.


Grid Gaps
The spaces between each column/row are called gaps.


You can adjust the gap size by using one of the following properties:

column-gap
row-gap
gap


> The column-gap property sets the gap between the columns
> The row-gap property sets the gap between the rows
> The gap property is a shorthand property for the row-gap and the column-gap properties


Grid Lines
The lines between columns are called column lines.

The lines between rows are called row lines.


Refer to line numbers when placing a grid item in a grid container

Example 

Place a grid item at column line 1, and let it end on column line 3:

.item1 {
  grid-column-start: 1;
  grid-column-end: 3;
}

Place a grid item at row line 1, and let it end on row line 3:

.item1 {
  grid-row-start: 1;
  grid-row-end: 3;
}


---------------- The justify-content Property
The justify-content property is used to align the whole grid inside the container.

---------------- The align-content Property
The align-content property is used to vertically align the whole grid inside the container.



----------------- The grid-column Property

The grid-column property defines on which column(s) to place an item.

You define where the item will start, and where the item will end.


Note: The grid-column property is a shorthand property for the grid-column-start and the grid-column-end properties.

----------------- The grid-row Property:
The grid-row property defines on which row to place an item.

You define where the item will start, and where the item will end.

Note: The grid-row property is a shorthand property for the grid-row-start and the grid-row-end properties.

-------------------- Naming Grid Items
The grid-area property can also be used to assign names to grid items.

Each row is defined by apostrophes (' ')

The columns in each row is defined inside the apostrophes, separated by a space.