---------------- CSS Flexbox Layout Module ------------------------

Before the Flexbox Layout module, there were four layout modes:

Block, for sections in a webpage
Inline, for text
Table, for two-dimensional table data
Positioned, for explicit position of an element
The Flexible Box Layout Module, makes it easier to design flexible responsive layout structure without using float or positioning. 

------------------- Parent Element (Container) ---------------------

The flex container becomes flexible by setting the display property to flex.


------------ The flex container properties are:

flex-direction
flex-wrap
flex-flow
justify-content
align-items
align-content

------------ The flex-direction Property
The flex-direction property defines in which direction the container wants to stack the flex items.

> The column value stacks the flex items vertically (from top to bottom)
> The column-reverse value stacks the flex items vertically (but from bottom to top)
> The row value stacks the flex items horizontally (from left to right)
> The row-reverse value stacks the flex items horizontally (but from right to left)

----------- The flex-wrap Property
The flex-wrap property specifies whether the flex items should wrap or not.

> The wrap value specifies that the flex items will wrap if necessary
> The nowrap value specifies that the flex items will not wrap (this is default)
> The wrap-reverse value specifies that the flexible items will wrap if necessary, in reverse order


---------------- The flex-flow Property
The flex-flow property is a shorthand property for setting both the flex-direction and flex-wrap properties.


-------------- The justify-content Property
The justify-content property is used to align the flex items
> The center value aligns the flex items at the center of the container
> The flex-start value aligns the flex items at the beginning of the container (this is default)
> The flex-end value aligns the flex items at the end of the container
> The space-around value displays the flex items with space before, between, and after the lines
> The space-between value displays the flex items with space between the lines

----------------------- The align-items Property

The align-items property is used to align the flex items.

> The flex-start value aligns the flex items at the top of the container
> The flex-end value aligns the flex items at the bottom of the container:
> The stretch value stretches the flex items to fill the container (this is default):
> The baseline value aligns the flex items such as their baselines aligns


---------------------- The align-content Property
The align-content property is used to align the flex lines.
Modifies the behavior of the flex-wrap property. It is similar to align-items, but instead of aligning flex items, it aligns flex lines.


with the flex-wrap property set to wrap, to better demonstrate the align-content property.
> The space-between value displays the flex lines with equal space between them
> The space-around value displays the flex lines with space before, between, and after them
> The stretch value stretches the flex lines to take up the remaining space (this is default)
> The center value displays display the flex lines in the middle of the container
> The flex-start value displays the flex lines at the start of the container
> The flex-end value displays the flex lines at the end of the container
> The stretch value stretches the flex lines to take up the remaining space (this is default)


----------------- CSS Flex Items
Child Elements (Items)
The direct child elements of a flex container automatically becomes flexible (flex) items.

> The order Property
The order property specifies the order of the flex items.

> The flex-grow Property
The flex-grow property specifies how much a flex item will grow relative to the rest of the flex items.The value must be a number, default value is 0.

> The flex-shrink Property
The flex-shrink property specifies how much a flex item will shrink relative to the rest of the flex items. The value must be a number, default value is 1.

> The flex-basis Property
The flex-basis property specifies the initial length of a flex item.

> The flex Property
The flex property is a shorthand property for the flex-grow, flex-shrink, and flex-basis properties.


> The align-self Property
> The "align-self: flex-start;" aligns the selected flex item at the top of the container.
> "align-self: flex-end;" aligns the selected flex item at the bottom of the container.